in today's video guys I'm going to give
you an overall performance guide here
for fortnite chapter 4 where I'm going
to show you how you can improve your FPS
and also reduce your input delay while
playing creative Arena or basically any
other game mode and if you guys enjoyed
this video please don't forget to leave
a like And subscribe since at 70k
subscribers I'm giving away a full-on
sk61 with Gator and yellow switches by
the way if you're currently searching
for Budget keyboard I just released the
video today where I'll show you why this
is the best budget keyboard on the
market right now so therefore make sure
to check it out as well without any
photos let's consider in this topic so
guys in today's video we're going to be
utilizing a very specific fortnite
performance pack here in chapter 4 guys
which you can by the way get over my
Discord just simply disco.ggle stripes
and from there you can get it in the FPS
boost packs Channel simply go into this
top search bar type in the FPS boost and
then you can already find the packet
guys from there you can download it and
once you get it on your PC we first of
all have optimizations for Windows game
mode gaming optimizations 2022
anti-windows ultimate Twitter version
4.8 and what we're going to do in the
first place guys is basically open up
the optimizations for Windows games and
this is basically like a set mode in
your Windows 10 or Windows 11 which is
going to get enabled with this registry
tweak which is going to result in a lot
better gaming performance when it comes
down to gaming in 2022 2023 basically on
any of the latest Windows versions and
if you guys have any more questions on
major Geeks you can straight up find the
direct tutorial guys future shout out to
them because they basically created this
by just simply going to click onto it
add it to a registry while clicking on
to yes and this mode is already enabled
it's the built-in gaming mode of Windows
specifically which is going to provide
you better gaming performance so
therefore make sure that this one is
enabled if you should run into any
issues which is super unlikely guys you
of course also have the revert button in
here then we're going to take a look at
gaming optimizations pack 2022 guys and
there we have in the first place now
delete junk files we're going to click
onto it and you can already see we have
two bats in here delete log files and
temporary files this basically makes
sure that not only your temporary data
but also your super Fetch and basically
anything which gets somehow saved on
your PC is getting deleted guys so
therefore please make sure to run both
of these here real quick on your PC it's
only going to take a few seconds and
then it's already done guys and finally
you can also go here on onto this
cleanup you know this small like exit
here which you can then see here we're
gonna run it real quick guys and what
you want to make sure to select in here
is super important guys Windows error
reports and feedback direct cache and
delivery optimization files all of these
here super important guys especially
that extrader cache if it's somehow
corrupted can cause FPS drops in general
or really bad gaming performance so
therefore make sure this is enabled
click on the delete files and it's only
going to take a few seconds minutes
really depending on your system speed
overall I'm just gonna let it run here
you can see now it's already done
basically and now we're already chilling
with this step as well what we want to
take a look at here now in the final
step of this pack you guys is the
ultimate of Windows tweaker 4.8 which
we're going to launch and once the
program itself is launched guys we can
first of all see all the core
information about our PC or Windows
version which process are we using how
much RAM we have installed all the
things guys but what we actually want to
do is click on the performance and the
first place guys and what you want to do
here is under performance tweaks
actually make sure to drag all of these
here all the way to the left side this
is especially super important let's just
say that if a application crashes on
your PC it doesn't take forever until
you can actually relaunch it so
therefore that's a nice little extra
which you can apply you guys but now
let's get straight into the actual
tweaks when it comes down now to the
actual tricks themselves guys I already
applied to now the best ones for you
which you can disable 100 in order to
actually increase your performance on
your gaming PC we have something like
disable smooth scrolling which is just
like a visual animation you know on your
PC disable Edge tab preloading also not
really necessary disable tablet input
Services disable prefetch services and
super fetch Services which is basically
just collecting data on your PC
temporary files disabled printers
booting services and disable Microsoft
Edge preloading guys all of these here
you can disable 100 with literally zero
issues on any PC so therefore what we
want to do is Click onto apply tweaks
and then continue with the next step
which would be under security and
privacy guys what we can see now um
basically we have a ton of functions but
here you have to be super careful
because we have some stuff here like
disable registry editor which we of
course don't want to do 100 guys and
also some other ones so therefore if
you're like not really sure don't touch
this at all guys just simply leave it
like that the only ones which I can
highly recommend you here now is to
fully disable a disabled Windows error
reporting just unnecessarily service
slowing down your PC running the
background don't need it disable Windows
mobility center ever really used of it
you can just simply Google it up real
quick guys if you're like not too sure
what it does it's basically just a bunch
of extra features which no one pretty
much uses and then as well disable
OneDrive which is like this built-in
Cloud into your Windows 10 or Windows 11
where it always asks you do you want to
make a backup do you want to save your
data and stuff like that never really
utilize it so therefore for me
personally I always disable it on a
brand new Windows PC but then once we go
over to privacy guys this is where it
gets like super fun now you can
basically disable all of these we have
something like disabled Telemetry
Biometrics again just collecting data
over your PC giving them for free to
Microsoft you don't want it let me have
something like disable Cortana which is
this voice assistant disable app access
to camera only one which you maybe can
leave on is disable app access to camera
guys because really depending if you
create content that's like the only one
which kind of makes sense to actually
give permission to but then something
like disabled password reveal button
disable Windows freak disable Windows
feedback requests disable Windows update
sharing all of that guys just simply
basically collecting data on your PC and
as mentioned the only ones which you
really can leave on here is like a
microphone and your camera I would say
for the rest just simply disable
anything just collecting data of your PC
and we don't want that so therefore make
sure that this is actually applied now
under tweaks then once we go enter
additional guys you're just simply gonna
leave it on the preset which is already
here enabled but as an additional step
guys what you actually want to do is
enable the network adapter onboard
processor because most main Bots
nowadays especially if you have like a
more newer PC have actually a specific
controller on your motherboard build and
guys basically doing all the
calculations for you if you actually use
your network adapter which could be I
don't know your Lan port Wi-Fi stick
whatever it is guys but for some reason
on Windows 10 this is on stock disabled
which means that your CPU actually has
to do all the calculating basically in
the background but what we want to do is
enable this one because if we have it on
our motherboard we can utilize it just
simply make sure that it's always
enabled here in this tool now because as
mentioned if you can utilize it your
Windows PC is automatically going to
start doing it which can overall
actually decrease your pain and give you
a way better and more stable connection
so therefore make sure this is applied
and now we're going to click finally
onto apply tweaks guys and once you're
done with everything you're basically
just going to reset your PC and enjoy
having a lot better gaming performance
and no matter which games you guys want
to play so guys and for the final part
of today's video we're going to take a
look at the vice cleanup and this tool
is extremely helpful when it comes down
to reduce the input delay on any PC
basically I'm going to explain guys
we're going to launch first of all the
tool here and we basically have all the
temporary data or all the data which our
PC remembered about each and every
single device which you ever plugged
into your PC you can see right now
literally a couple of days ago I just
plugged in here I don't know some USB
input devices this could be basically a
webcam a keyboard a mouse whatever guys
and especially as someone who's like
consistently changing stuff around or
maybe plugging his webcam in then
unplugging it again because yeah it
gives you more input delay when you
actually want to play games you always
create basically temporary data on your
PC and for most of you this is probably
gonna go even like months back or
whenever you did the last time like to
reinstall your windows so therefore your
list is going to be a lot longer I
already showed this program here once in
a while so therefore in my list isn't
really like too many devices but what
you guys want to do is first of all go
to my main website guys which is called
the straps blocks Road from there you
can get it I have a ton of useful tweaks
already on here but what we want to do
is Click basically onto input delay you
might get one or two pop-up ads and once
you then get redirected guys just simply
scroll down and they can find a post
with exactly the same name and the same
thumbnail as the video watching right
now from there you can download it and
once you get done on your PC we're
basically going to run device Cleanup in
the first place just let me go through
it click on the devices and then on to
select all then you can see now all the
devices have been selected here in my
list guys all the USB input devices hid
keyboard devices basically anything
which I ever plugged into my PC let's
just say that I swap my keyboard us for
something different and then again go
back to this one this is already giving
you free temporary entrances here and
basically the more you have of these
it's going to slow down your PC guys and
therefore what you want to do once in a
while is actually make sure to select
all of them guys and then once you
selected all of them you're gonna go
again onto devices guys I'm going to
remove selected and you can see the
whole entire list now is going to get
cleaned up it's basically set to refresh
again to zero you can see now
non-present devices zero selected
devices zero and this is exactly how it
should look like and the next time
you're gonna restart your PC and
basically plug in your mouse and
keyboard it's going to be the only
entrance in here and this is super
beneficial guys because you want to
avoid having too many data with your
Windows PC sort of have to like look
through all the time and having actually
less devices in this listing here like
no matter even if you don't use the
current keyboards which are right there
is on this list your PC is going to
remember it and always go through all
this data before it can basically give
you access to the keyboard which you
plugged in at the moment so therefore
always make sure that this list is as
clean as possible guys and with that
said we're basically done here